---
title: "3"
layout: layouts/post.njk
date: 2025-10-29
tags: ["posts"]
fucked_level: "properly-fucked"
summary: "sadasd"
lede: "dsa"
source_url: "www.google.com"
whats_fucked: "1"
what_might_unfuck: "2"
odds_unfucking: "3"
---

sadjoasdkalsjdkaldsjlkajsdlkasjThe official X page for the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Winston Peters, has seemingly deleted a reshared post from Prime Minister Christopher Luxon’s trade victory abroad. Luxon, who is attending the bi-annual ASEAN summit in Kuala Lumpur, shared a photo of himself linking arms with Southeast Asian leaders with a caption about the trade win: “I’ve just done a deal with Southeast Asian nations that will help grow our economy at home,” part of the caption read. It’s this post by Luxon that the official Minister of Foreign Affairs X account reshared with one word: “We...” Foreign Minister Winston Peters corrected Christopher Luxon in a since deleted X (Twitter) post. Photo: Robert Kitchin / THE POST The post has since been deleted. When Stuff approached Peters’ media team for comment, they said they were “unaware”. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said “We don't have any control of what the minister posts on social media". “We are the ministry not the minister.” In the same post, Luxon praised the region: “Southeast Asia is one of the fastest growing regions in the world. And New Zealand’s future economic prosperity lies here in the Indo-Pacific,” he said. “That’s why I’m proud we are now one of a handful of ASEAN’s Comprehensive Strategic Partners.” When Stuff approached Luxon’s press secretary about the situation, they said “no comment”. - StuffThe official X page for the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Winston Peters, has seemingly deleted a reshared post from Prime Minister Christopher Luxon’s trade victory abroad. Luxon, who is attending the bi-annual ASEAN summit in Kuala Lumpur, shared a photo of himself linking arms with Southeast Asian leaders with a caption about the trade win: “I’ve just done a deal with Southeast Asian nations that will help grow our economy at home,” part of the caption read. It’s this post by Luxon that the official Minister of Foreign Affairs X account reshared with one word: “We...” Foreign Minister Winston Peters corrected Christopher Luxon in a since deleted X (Twitter) post. Photo: Robert Kitchin / THE POST The post has since been deleted. When Stuff approached Peters’ media team for comment, they said they were “unaware”. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said “We don't have any control of what the minister posts on social media". “We are the ministry not the minister.” In the same post, Luxon praised the region: “Southeast Asia is one of the fastest growing regions in the world. And New Zealand’s future economic prosperity lies here in the Indo-Pacific,” he said. “That’s why I’m proud we are now one of a handful of ASEAN’s Comprehensive Strategic Partners.” When Stuff approached Luxon’s press secretary about the situation, they said “no comment”. - Stuff


<p class="muted">Source: <a href="www.google.com">www.google.com</a></p>
